Assignment name  : mini_serv
Expected files   : mini_serv.c
Allowed functions: write, close, select, socket, accept, listen, send, recv, bind,
strstr, malloc, realloc, free, calloc, bzero, atoi, sprintf, strlen, exit, strcpy,
strcat, memset, htons, htonl
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Write a program that will listen for client to connect on a specific port on 127.0.0.1 and allows clients to 
communicate with each other.

This program takes the port to bind to as it's first argument.
If no argument is provided, it should write to stderr "Wrong number of arguments" followed by a \n and exit with status 1.
If a System Call returns an error before the program starts accepting connections, it should write to stderr "Fatal error"
followed by a \n and exit with status 1.
If memory allocation fails, it should write to stderr "Fatal error" followed by a \n and exit with status 1.

Your program must be non-blocking, but clients maybe unresponsive, and if they don't read your message, you must NOT 
disconnect them.

Your program must not contain #define preprocessor directives.
Your program must listen only on the local IP address 127.0.0.1.
The fd that you will receive using 'accept' will already be set to make 'recv' or 'send' block if 'select' or 'pull'
hasn't been called before calling them, but will not block otherwise.

When a client connects to the server:
- The client will be assignment and id. The first client will receive the last client's ID + 1.
- The server sends a message to all already connected clients: "server: client %d just arrived\n", using the previously
mentioned ID.

Clients must be able to send messages to your program:
- Messages will consist only of printable characters, so there is no need to check.
- A single message can contain multiple '\n'.
- When the server receives a message, it must resend it to all the other clients with "client %d: " prefixed to every line.

When a client disconnects from the server:
- The server sends a message to all remaning connected clients: "server: client %d just left\n"

Memory or fd leaks are prohibited.

To assist you, you will find the file 'main.c' containing the beginnings of a server and possibly some useful 
functions (note that this file uses prohibited functions or display things that must not be present in your final program).

Warning: our tester expects you to send the messages as quickly as possible. Avoid unnecessary buffering.

The Evaluation process may take longer than usual.